Thuringia also started selling New Year's Eve fireworks today
However, many want to spend less than in recent years and only a few
want to do without the fireworks
She is supposed to do a lot in dealing with the traditional New Year's Eve run
Siberia be noticed
so there are some innovations
For the first time, the articles are divided into two categories
Sparklers and crackers, for example, fall into category 1
For the first time, this title can only be sold to young people from the age of twelve
become
Category 2 fireworks such as rockets and blasts are only allowed to adults
sold
but also at the turn of the year, no rocket and missiles may not be detonated everywhere
become
Spoken in parts against the woman raised spoken
and prohibitions drive
this will be the case in the city centers of Mühlhausen Bad Langensalza and
Rudolstadt this year does not give New Year's fireworks to protect historic
shelf
but also among other things at hospitals children's home in
Retirement homes and strong jobs
nothing should be ignited in general
For the first time, in addition to the previously known test seal of the Federal Institute
for material research briefly in the arenas
that, too, is the aim of the bricks
These markings allowed the fireworks to not be sold
it is not recommended to buy Bello without labeling abroad
as these are mostly unpredictable in their 10 speed
even the mischievous composition is not only unfair or unknown
In addition, they are banned because of their significantly higher explosive power
If you get caught it can be expensive and imprisonment too
could throne
but also with approved fireworks you should be careful
bypass
the Eckert Deutschmann of the police department Erfurt on the market
these are the fires the young we are supposed to have been for
Of course, citizens also demand some precautions
so it is important to pay attention
the full load for the missiles are stopped vertically and not about
because we have good chances
until the end of
Percent the mantra is shut off Bach's temptation does not close it
Separate can also come from Balkonien that one becomes Rambach objects way
grants
the Navi fixed
possibly
so the radis
Property damage is reasonably kept within limits
and it is always noticeable
that's a ten lie
Mailboxes wanted to donate or set fire to garbage cans
the quake was many ashamed
also in the cases
Probst noted last 7 forward leadership
that finds everything
Category 2
may not be used indoors
although many say they will not buy anything
it will be again colorful this year and shows Thuringia
become
That's why we finally wanted to know
how much do you actually give her this year for New Year's Eve fireworks?
out
del Potro
Archos has struck a run
I think let's see if the 34 euros
why not around the 1
because I'm alone of course I need to look at how the others are
15 euros due
probably will
blast-off
and promptly reported
it is not enough to handle money
the WEEKLY MIRROR and
with which verve and manifold
with a refreshing wind
Jgd for spam and viruses and worms can only do that the way we want
all around us
such cases
the hack of Turkey full
rhein-main
not no further
because that's what my grandchildren do
the seller
catfish
follows the judge
not at all
that the Tissot Fri money
to come
we give
50 years for the few seconds
what is there in the sky is money costs
for that are invited fat on the slip
without music can